LEGAL NOTICE - READ BEFORE DOWNLOADING OR OTHERWISE USING THIS SOFTWARE.

ATTENTION: USE OF THE SOFTWARE IS SUBJECT TO THE HP SOFTWARE LICENSE TERMS SET FORTH BELOW, THIRD PARTY SOFTWARE LICENSE TERMS FOUND IN THE THIRDPARTYLICENSEREADME.TXT FILE AND THE "HP PRODUCT 'AS-IS' WARRANTY STATEMENT" FOR THIS SOFTWARE PROVIDED TO YOU AS A SEPARATE DOCUMENT (COLLECTIVELY, THE "LICENSE TERMS").

BY CHECKING THE BOX NEXT TO "Yes, I have read and accept the software license terms for this order.", OR BY COPYING, INSTALLING OR OTHERWISE USING THE SOFTWARE, YOU INDICATE YOUR ACCEPTANCE OF AND AGREE TO BE BOUND BY AND COMPLY WITH THE LICENSE TERMS. 

IF YOU DO NOT AGREE TO ALL SUCH TERMS AND CONDITIONS AND DO NOT PLACE A CHECK IN THE APPLICABLE BOX, THEN (A) HP GRANTS YOU NO LICENSE TO THE SOFTWARE, (B) YOU MAY NOT COPY, INSTALL, OR OTHERWISE USE THE SOFTWARE, AND (C) UPON PROMPT RETURN OF THE SOFTWARE TO HP YOU WILL RECEIVE A FULL REFUND OF ANY APPLICABLE LICENSE FEES ACTUALLY PAID BY YOU.

For the purpose of this Agreement, "Software" means the software programs and related documentation you download in connection with these License Terms and any enhancements or updates thereto delivered or made available to you by HP.

License grant
HP grants you a license to Use one copy of the Software. "Use" means storing, loading, installing, executing, or displaying the Software internally for the purpose of developing and running Java technology applets and applications on Java SE-enabled HP computers. You may not modify the Software or disable any licensing or control features of the Software.
 
Ownership
The Software is owned and copyrighted by HP or its third party suppliers. Your license confers no title or ownership in the Software and is not a sale of any rights in the Software. HP's third party suppliers are intended beneficiaries under these License Terms and may protect their rights in the Software in the event of infringement.
 
Third Party Code
Some third-party code embedded or bundled with the Software is licensed to you under different terms and conditions as set forth in the THIRDPARTYLICENSEREADME.txt file. In addition to any terms and conditions of any third party license identified in the THIRDPARTYLICENSEREADME.txt file, the disclaimer of warranty and limitation of liability provisions contained in the "AS IS" Warranty Statement shall apply to all code distributed as part of or bundled with the Software.
 
Source Code
Software may contain source code that, unless expressly licensed for other purposes, is provided solely for reference purposes pursuant to the terms of this license. Source code may not be redistributed unless expressly provided for in these License Terms.
 
Copies and Adaptations
Except as specifically permitted in these License Terms, you may only make copies or adaptations of the Software for archival purposes or when copying or adaptation is an essential step in the authorized Use of the Software. You must reproduce all copyright notices in the original Software on all copies or adaptations. You may not remove, deface or obscure any Software product identification, copyright notices or proprietary notices.
 
No disassembly or decryption
You may not modify, reverse engineer, disassemble or decompile the Software without HP's prior written consent. Where you have other statutory rights, you will provide HP with reasonably detailed information regarding any intended modifications, reverse engineering disassembly or decompilation. You may not decrypt the Software unless decryption is a necessary part of the operation of the Software.
 
Restricted Uses
You acknowledge the Software is not designed or intended for use in on-line control of aircraft, air traffic, aircraft navigation, or aircraft communications; or in the design, construction, operation or maintenance of any nuclear facility. HP disclaims any express or implied warranty of fitness for such uses.
 
Termination
HP may terminate your license upon notice for failure to comply with any of these License Terms. Upon termination, you must immediately destroy the Software, together with all copies, adaptations and merged portions in any form.
 
Export requirements
The Software may contain cryptography technology. Some countries regulate the import, use and/or export of certain products with cryptography. HP makes no claims as to the applicability of local country import, use and/or export regulations in relation to the download of the Software. If you are located outside the U.S. and Canada you are advised to consult your local country regulations to insure compliance.
You may not export or re-export the Software or any copy or adaptation in violation of any applicable laws or regulations.

Without limiting the generality of the foregoing, the Software may not be exported, reexported, transferred or downloaded to or within (or to a national resident of) countries under U.S. economic embargo including the following countries:

Cuba, Iran, Iraq, Libya, North Korea, Sudan and Syria. 
This list is subject to change.

The Software may not be exported, reexported, transferred or downloaded to persons or entities listed on the U.S. Department of Commerce Denied Persons List, Entity List of proliferation concern or on any U.S. Treasury Department Designated Nationals exclusion list, or to parties directly or indirectly involved in the development or production of nuclear, chemical, biological weapons or in missile technology programs as specified in the U.S. Export Administration Regulations (15 CFR 744).

By accepting these License Terms you confirm that you are not located in (or a national resident of) any country under U.S. economic embargo, not identified on any U.S. Department of Commerce Denied Persons List, Entity List or Treasury Department Designated Nationals exclusion list, and not directly or indirectly involved in the development or production of nuclear, chemical, biological weapons or in missile technology programs as specified in the U.S. Export Administration Regulations.

U.S. government restricted rights
The Software has been developed entirely at private expense. The Software is delivered and licensed as "commercial computer software" as defined in DFARS 252.227-7013 (Oct 1988), DFARS 252.211-7015 (May 1991) or DFARS 252.227-7014 (Jun 1995), as a "commercial item" as defined in FAR2.101(a), or as "Restricted computer software" as defined in FAR 52.227-19 (Jun 1987)(or any equivalent agency regulation or contract clause), whichever is applicable. You have only those rights provided for such Software by the applicable FAR or DFARS clause or the HP standard software agreement for the product involved. The owner is Hewlett-Packard Company, 3000 Hanover Street, Palo Alto, California 94304.
 
License to Distribute the JRE
 If the Software includes the Java Runtime Environment (also referred to in older versions of the Software as the Runtime Environment or "RTE") (the "JRE"), you are granted a non-exclusive, non-transferable, limited license without fees to reproduce and distribute the JRE, provided that: (i) you distribute the JRE complete and unmodified (except as expressly permitted in the "README" file which accompanies the Software) and only bundled as part of, and for the sole purpose of running, Java technology applets and applications on Java SE-enabled HP computers, (ii) such Java technology applets and/or applications add significant and primary functionality to the Software, (iii) you do not distribute additional software intended to replace any component(s) of the Software, (iv) you do not remove or alter any proprietary legends or notices contained in the Software, (v) you only distribute the JRE subject to a license agreement that protects HP and its suppliers’ interests consistent with the terms contained in these License Terms, and (vi) you agree to defend and indemnify HP and its suppliers from and against any damages, costs, liabilities, settlement amounts and/or expenses (including attorneys' fees) incurred in connection with any claim, lawsuit or action by any third party that arises or results from your use or distribution of the Software.
 
License to Distribute Redistributables
If the Software includes the Java Development Kit ("JDK") or the Software Development Kit ("SDK"), you are granted a non-exclusive, non-transferable, limited license without fees to reproduce and distribute those files specifically identified as redistributable in the Software "README" file ("Redistributables") provided  that: (i) you distribute the Redistributables complete and unmodified, and only bundled as part of Java technology applets and/or applications on Java SE-enabled HP computers, (ii) such Java technology applets and/or applications add significant and primary functionality to the Redistributables, (iii) you do not distribute additional software intended to supersede any component(s) of the Redistributables (unless otherwise specified in the applicable README file), (iv) you do not remove or alter any proprietary legends or notices contained in or on the Redistributables, (v) you only distribute the Redistributables pursuant to a license agreement that protects HP and its suppliers' interests consistent with the terms contained in these License Terms, and (vi) you agree to defend and indemnify HP and its suppliers from and against any damages, costs, liabilities, settlement amounts and/or expenses (including attorneys' fees) incurred in connection with any claim, lawsuit or action by any third party that arises or results from your use or distribution of the Software.
 
Java Technology Restrictions
You may not create, modify, or change the behavior of, or authorize your licensees to create, modify, or change the behavior of, classes, interfaces, or subpackages that are in any way identified as "java", "javax", "sun" or similar convention as specified by Sun in any naming convention designation.
 
General Terms
You may not assign, delegate, or otherwise transfer these terms and conditions or any rights or obligations hereunder without prior written consent from HP.  Any such attempted assignment, delegation, or other transfer will be null and void, and HP may terminate these License Terms in the event thereof.  These License Terms shall be construed in accordance with the laws of the State of California, without regard to conflict of laws principles.  The United Nations Convention on Contracts for the International Sale of Goods does not apply.  If any term or provision herein is determined to be illegal or unenforceable, the validity or enforceability of the remainder of the terms or provisions herein will remain in full force and effect.  Failure or delay in enforcing any right or provision of these License Terms shall not be deemed a waiver of such right or provision with respect to any subsequent breach.  Except as specified herein, these License Terms constitute the entire agreement between you and HP, and supersede any previous communications, representations or agreements between the parties, whether oral or written, regarding transactions hereunder.  Your additional or different terms and conditions will not apply.  These License Terms terms and conditions may not be changed except by a written amendment signed by an authorized representative of each party.
